feat(#54): Make endpoints FHIR compliant (#76)
medic/cht-interoperability: docs/workflow.md

> # Workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# LTFU Workflow Testing
```

This document outlines the steps for testing the Loss To Follow-Up (LTFU) workflow, in addition to documenting the various endpoints available on the mediator. It provides a comprehensive guide on navigating the LTFU workflow and utilizing the endpoints to facilitate the necessary actions.

## Environments

The document provided includes placeholders for URLs. Replacing these placeholders with the appropriate endpoints for your specific environment is essential to utilize the document correctly. Below are the endpoints provided for each available environment. It is important to note that if your setup differs from the documentation provided, you may need to use different endpoints. By ensuring that the correct endpoints are used, you can be confident in successfully implementing and utilizing the LTFU workflow.

### Docker - Local Setup

> - **Mediator** - http://localhost:5001/mediator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Mediator (`${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}`)** - http://localhost:5001/mediator
```

- **OpenHIM Admin Console** - http://localhost:9000/

> - **CHT with LTFU configuration** - https://localhost:80/

Reviewer: The correct link for me is: `http://localhost:5988/`. Port `80` doesn't work correctly.

### Live Test Instance

> - **Mediator** - [https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator](https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Mediator (`${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}`)** - [https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator](https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator).
```

> - **MEDIATOR_ENDPOINT** - [https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator](https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Mediator** - [https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator](https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator).
```

- **OpenHIM Admin Console** - [https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org](https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org).
- **CHT with LTFU configuration** - [https://interop-cht-test.dev.medicmobile.org/](https://interop-cht-test.dev.medicmobile.org/).

## Steps

The following steps assume that you successfully logged in into OpenHIM and the CHT instances.

> 1.  Create an **Organization**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Create an **Endpoint** and an **Organization**
```

> 1.  Create an Organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Create an **Organization**
```

>     1. HTTP Request - First, make a request to create an **Endpoint** Resource in the mediator using Postman. You can view the API documentation for creating an endpoint [here](#endpoint-resource). Once you send the request, the mediator will return a JSON response containing the `id` of the newly created endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. HTTP Request - Use Postman to create an `Endpoint` Resource in the Mediator. You can view the API documentation for creating an `Endpoint` [here](#endpoint-resource). Once you send the request, the Mediator will return a JSON response containing the `id` of the newly created endpoint.
```

>     1. HTTP Request - First, make a request to create an Endpoint Resource in the mediator using Postman. You can view the API documentation for creating an endpoint [here](#endpoint-resource). Once you send the request, the mediator will return a JSON response containing the id of the newly created endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. HTTP Request - First, make a request to create an **Endpoint** Resource in the mediator using Postman. You can view the API documentation for creating an endpoint [here](#endpoint-resource). Once you send the request, the mediator will return a JSON response containing the `id` of the newly created endpoint.
```

>     1. HTTP Request - Next, create an **Organization** Resource in the mediator using the `endpoint.id` returned from the previous request in the `endpoint.reference` field, replacing `${ENDPOINT_ID}` with the actual `id` of the endpoint you created in the previous step. Once you send the request, the mediator will return a JSON response containing the `id` of the newly created organization. You can view the API documentation for creating an organization [here](#organisation-resource).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. HTTP Request - Create an `Organization` Resource in the Mediator using as `endpoint.reference` the example value replacing `${ENDPOINT_ID}` with the actual `id` of the `Endpoint` you created in the previous step. Once you send the request, the Mediator will return a JSON response containing the `id` of the newly created `Organization`. You can view the API documentation for creating an `Organization` [here](#organisation-resource).
```

>     1. It is important to note that you only need to create an **Organization** once, which you can use for future requests. So, after creating the **Organization**, you can save the `organization.identifier[0].value` value and use it for all future `ServiceRequest` requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. It is important to note that you only need to create an `Organization` once, which you can use for future requests. So, after creating the `Organization`, you can save the `organization.identifier[0].value` value and use it for all future `ServiceRequest` requests.
```

> 1.  Create a Patient

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Create a **Patient**
```

    1. CHT - Log in to the CHT platform using the credentials for the `chw` user.
    1. CHT - Navigate to the `People` tab in the CHT dashboard. From there, select a Facility where you want to create a new `Person`. Click on the `New Person` button and fill in the required details for the Person. Make sure to select `Patient` as the `Person`'s role for this flow.
    1. CHT - Once you have created the new `Person`, you need to retrieve their unique identifier from the browser's URL. You can do this by copying the alphanumeric string that appears after `person/` in the URL. Keep this identifier safe as you will need it for the next steps.
    1. OpenHIM Admin Console - To verify that the `Patient` creation was successful, navigate to the `Transaction Log` in the OpenHIM Admin Console. You should see two successful API calls recorded in the log, one to `/mediator/patient/` and one to `/fhir/Patient/`.
       ![](./images/instance-patient.png)

1.  Request the LTFU for the Patient

>     1. HTTP Request - To trigger the LTFU process for the newly created patient, you need to create a `ServiceRequest`. You can refer to the API documentation available [here](#service-request-resource) to learn how to create a `ServiceRequest`. Once the `ServiceRequest` is received by the mediator, it will initiate the LTFU workflow for the patient, which includes reminders for follow-up appointments and check-ins. Replace the `requester.reference` and the `subject.reference` with the `Organization` and `Patient` identifiers respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. HTTP Request - To trigger the LTFU process for the newly created patient, you need to create a `ServiceRequest`. You can refer to the API documentation available [here](#servicerequest-resource) to learn how to create a `ServiceRequest`. Replace the `requester.reference` and the `subject.reference` with the `Organization` and `Patient` identifiers respectively. Once the `ServiceRequest` is received by the mediator, it will initiate the LTFU workflow for the patient, which includes reminders for follow-up appointments and check-ins. 
```

>     1. HTTP Request - Verify that the `service-request` was successful in both OpenHIM Mediator & FHIR Resource. Navigate to the `Transaction Log` in the Admin Console. You should see three successful API calls, as in the image below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. HTTP Request - Verify that the `ServiceRequest` was successful in both OpenHIM Mediator & FHIR Resource. Navigate to the `Transaction Log` in the Admin Console. You should see three successful API calls, as in the image below:
```

#### `POST ${MEDIATOR_ENDPOINT}/service-request`

This endpoint triggers the creation of a `record` on `CHT` and a `Subscription` resource on FHIR. The endpoint associated with the `Organization` resource in the requester is used as the callback URL for the `Subscription` which gets called when FHIR receives an `Encounter` resource with matching `Patient` identifier. The callback endpoint receives a FHIR `Subscription` response as its payload whenever the request is fulfilled. To learn more about FHIR
subscriptions, you can visit the official documentation [here](https://build.fhir.org/subscription.html).

```http
POST ${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}/service-request

{
    "intent": "order",
    "subject": {
        "reference": "Patient/${PATIENT_IDENTIFIER}"
    },
    "requester": {
        "reference": "Organization/${ORGANIZATION_IDENTIFIER}"
    }
    ,
    "status": "active"
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Please mention that this second `json` object is an example of a response body. Same for all 4 resources below.

```http
POST ${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}/encounter

{
    "resourceType": "Encounter",
    "identifier": [
        {
            "system": "cht",
            "value": "${ENCOUNTER_IDENTIFIER}"
        }
    ],
    "status": "finished",
    "class": "outpatient",
    "type": [
        {
            "text": "Community health worker visit"
        }
    ],
    "subject": {
        "reference": "Patient/${PATIENT_IDENTIFIER}"
    },
    "participant": [
        {
            "type": [
                {
                    "text": "Community health worker"
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

```json
{
  "resourceType": "Encounter",
  "id": "5",
  "meta": {
    "versionId": "1",
    "lastUpdated": "2023-04-19T05:00:18.031+00:00"
  },
  "identifier": [
    {
      "system": "cht",
      "value": "003b24b5-2396-4d95-bcbc-5a4c63f43ff0"
    }
  ],
  "status": "finished",
  "type": [
    {
      "text": "Community health worker visit"
    }
  ],
  "subject": {
    "reference": "Patient/3"
  },
  "participant": [
    {
      "type": [
        {
          "text": "Community health worker"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

### Organisation Resource

> The FHIR Organization resource represents a group of people or entities that share a common purpose or focus. It contains information such as the organization's name, type, and contact details. This resource is often used in healthcare settings to represent healthcare providers, hospitals, clinics, and other organizations involved in patient care. In the LTFU system it represents the requesting system and it points to the callback url of the requesting system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FHIR `Organization` resource represents a group of people or entities with a common purpose or focus. It contains the organization's name, type, and contact details. This resource is often used in healthcare settings to represent healthcare providers, hospitals, clinics, and other organizations involved in patient care. In the LTFU workflow, it represents the **Requesting System**, and it points to its callback URL.
```

#### `POST ${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}/organization`

The `Organization` resource in the LTFU workflow represents the Requesting System. Before creating an `Organization`, an `Endpoint` must be created.

```http

> POST ${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}/encounter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
POST ${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}/organization
```

{
    "identifier": [
        {
            "system": "official",

>             "value": "${ORGANIZATION_IDENTIFIER}"

Reviewer: Where does the `${ORGANIZATION_IDENTIFIER}` value come from?

Author: The requester gets to pick the identifier. I'll add clarification to the docs.

        }
    ],
    "name": [
        "Athena"
    ],
    "endpoint": [
        {
            "reference": "Endpoint/${ENDPOINT_ID}"
        }
    ]
}
```

```json
{
  "resourceType": "Organization",
  "id": "2",
  "meta": {
    "versionId": "1",
    "lastUpdated": "2023-04-19T04:40:48.663+00:00"
  },
  "identifier": [
    {
      "system": "official",
      "value": "003b24b5-2396-4d95-bcbc-5a4c63f43ff0"
    }
  ],

>   "name": "Athena",

Reviewer: `name` should be an array:

```
    "name": [
        "Athena"
    ],
```

# LTFU Workflow Testing

This document outlines the steps for testing the Loss To Follow-Up (LTFU) workflow, in addition to documenting the various endpoints available on the mediator. It provides a comprehensive guide on navigating the LTFU workflow and utilizing the endpoints to facilitate the necessary actions.

## Environments

The document provided includes placeholders for URLs. Replacing these placeholders with the appropriate endpoints for your specific environment is essential to utilize the document correctly. Below are the endpoints provided for each available environment. It is important to note that if your setup differs from the documentation provided, you may need to use different endpoints. By ensuring that the correct endpoints are used, you can be confident in successfully implementing and utilizing the LTFU workflow.

### Docker - Local Setup

- **Mediator (`${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}`)** - http://localhost:5001/mediator
- **OpenHIM Admin Console** - http://localhost:9000/
- **CHT with LTFU configuration** - https://localhost:5988/

### Live Test Instance

> - **Mediator (`${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}`)** - [https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator](https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Mediator (`${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}`)** - [https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator](https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator)
```

> - **OpenHIM Admin Console** - [https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org](https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **OpenHIM Admin Console** - [https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org](https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org)
```

> - **CHT with LTFU configuration** - [https://interop-cht-test.dev.medicmobile.org/](https://interop-cht-test.dev.medicmobile.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CHT with LTFU configuration** - [https://interop-cht-test.dev.medicmobile.org/](https://interop-cht-test.dev.medicmobile.org/)
```

    1. CHT - Navigate to the `Tasks` tab. There should be an automatically created `Task` for the Patient. If it is not the case, sync data via `Sync now` option. The `Task` should look like in the image below:

     <img src="./images/task.png" width="500">

    1. CHT - Select an option (Yes or No) and submit the `Tasks`.
    1. OpenHIM Admin Console - Verify that the Encounter creation was successful in both OpenHIM Mediator & FHIR Resource. Navigate to the `Transaction Log` in the Admin Console. You should see two successful API calls, one to `/mediator/encounter/` and one to `/fhir/Encounter/`, as in the image below.
       ![](./images/instance-encounter.png)
    1. If your callback URL test service was set up correctly, you should receive a notification from the mediator.

## Resources

The following [FHIR Resources](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/resource.html) are used to implement the flow above:

- [Patient](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/patient.html)
- [Encounter](https://build.fhir.org/encounter.html)
- [Subscription](https://build.fhir.org/subscription.html)
- [Organization](https://build.fhir.org/organization.html)
- [Endpoint](https://build.fhir.org/endpoint.html)

> The payload samples provided in the documentation contain placeholder values that you must replace with the actual content. To do so, replace the entire '${}' placeholder with the appropriate value. Be aware that some placeholder keys have the format '_\_IDENTIFIER' and refer to the value found in the 'Resource.identifier[0].value' field. These keys are different from the '_\_ID' placeholders used in the request, which refer to the 'Resource.id' field. It is important to make this distinction as using the wrong value may cause unexpected behavior in the system. Therefore, always ensure that you use the right value in the right context to avoid errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The payload samples in the documentation contain placeholder values you must replace with the actual content. To do so, replace the entire `${}` placeholder with the appropriate value. Be aware that some placeholder keys have the format `_\_IDENTIFIER` and refer to the value in the `Resource.identifier[0].value` field. These keys differ from the `_\_ID` placeholders used in the request, which refer to the `Resource.id` field. It is important to make this distinction, as using the wrong value may cause unexpected behavior in the system. Therefore, always ensure you use the right value in the right context to avoid errors.
```

> **Note:** The payload only contains the required fields or a subset of the possible options. To view all the available fields, please refer to the appropriate FHIR resource specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> **Note:** The payload only contains the required fields or a subset of the possible options. Please refer to the appropriate FHIR resource specifications to view all the available fields.

```

### `ServiceRequest` Resource

> The FHIR `ServiceRequest` resource represents a request for a healthcare service to be performed, such as a diagnostic test or a treatment. It contains information about the requested service, including the type of service, the patient for whom the service is requested, the date/time the service is requested, and the healthcare provider or organization making the request. In the context of the LTFU workflow, we are using this resource to request a CHW follow-up in the CHT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FHIR `ServiceRequest` resource represents a request for a healthcare service to be performed, such as a diagnostic test or a treatment. It contains information about the requested service, including the **type of service**, the **patient** for whom the service is requested, the **date/time the service is requested**, and the **healthcare provider or organization** making the request. In the context of the LTFU workflow, this resource is used to request a CHW follow-up in the CHT.
```

        "system": "http://terminology.hl7.org/CodeSystem/endpoint-connection-type",
        "code": "hl7-fhir-rest"
    },
    "payloadType": [
        {
            "text": "application/json"
        }
    ],
    "address": "${ORG_CALLBACK_URL}",
    "status": "active"
}
```

Response

```json
{
  "resourceType": "Endpoint",
  "id": "1",
  "meta": {
    "versionId": "1",
    "lastUpdated": "2023-04-19T04:40:44.401+00:00"
  },
  "identifier": [
    {
      "system": "official",
      "value": "ENDPOINT_ID"
    }
  ],
  "status": "active",
  "connectionType": {
    "system": "http://terminology.hl7.org/CodeSystem/endpoint-connection-type",
    "code": "hl7-fhir-rest"
  },
  "payloadType": [
    {
      "text": "application/json"
    }
  ],
  "address": "https://callback.com"
}
```

### `Patient` Resource

The `Patient` resource in FHIR represents an individual receiving or awaiting healthcare services. It includes patient demographics, clinical observations, and medical history. It is a foundational resource in healthcare and can be used to track patient progress, manage care plans, and facilitate communication between healthcare providers.

#### `POST ${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}/patient`

> This endpoint is responsible for creating a patient in the LFTU workflow. Patients are created by CHT automatically whenever a new Patient is added to the the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint creates a `Patient` in the LFTU workflow. Patients are created by CHT automatically whenever a new Patient is added to the system.
```

Request
```http
POST ${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}/patient

{
    "identifier": [
        {
            "system": "official",
            "value": "${PATIENT_IDENTIFIER}"
        }
    ],
    "name": [
        {
            "family": "Doe",
            "given": [
                "John"
            ]
        }
    ],
    "gender": "male",
    "birthDate": "2000-01-01"
}
```

> Response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Response

```

```json
{
  "resourceType": "Patient",
  "id": "3",
  "meta": {
    "versionId": "1",
    "lastUpdated": "2023-04-19T04:41:01.217+00:00"
  },
  "text": {
    "status": "generated",
    "div": "<div xmlns=\"http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\"><div class=\"hapiHeaderText\">John <b>DOE </b></div><table class=\"hapiPropertyTable\"><tbody><tr><td>Identifier</td><td>003b24b5-2396-4d95-bcbc-5a4c63f43ff0</td></tr><tr><td>Date of birth</td><td><span>01 January 2000</span></td></tr></tbody></table></div>"
  },
  "identifier": [
    {
      "system": "official",
      "value": "003b24b5-2396-4d95-bcbc-5a4c63f43ff0"
    }
  ],
  "name": [
    {
      "family": "Doe",
      "given": ["John"]
    }
  ],
  "gender": "male",
  "birthDate": "2000-01-01"
}
```

### `Encounter` Resource

> The FHIR Encounter resource is used to represent a clinical interaction between a patient and a healthcare provider. It contains information about the patient's visit, such as the location, reason for the visit, and any relevant procedures or diagnoses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FHIR `Encounter` resource represents a clinical interaction between a patient and a healthcare provider. It contains information about the **patient's visit**, such as the **location**, the **reason for the visit**, and any relevant **procedures** or **diagnoses**.
```

#### `POST ${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}/encounter`

The `Encounter` resource is an essential part of the LTFU workflow, which is automatically created by the CHT system after a CHW completes the workflow. It triggers FHIR to send a `Subscription` response to the requesting system when there is a match with the `Encounter` resource. This allows for efficient monitoring and follow-up care of patients in the LTFU workflow.

> Request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Request

```

```http
POST ${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}/encounter

{
    "resourceType": "Encounter",
    "identifier": [
        {
            "system": "cht",

>             "value": "${ENCOUNTER_IDENTIFIER}"

Reviewer: Please clarify `${ENCOUNTER_IDENTIFIER}`

        }
    ],
    "status": "finished",
    "class": "outpatient",
    "type": [
        {
            "text": "Community health worker visit"
        }
    ],
    "subject": {
        "reference": "Patient/${PATIENT_IDENTIFIER}"
    },
    "participant": [
        {
            "type": [
                {
                    "text": "Community health worker"
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

> Response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Response

```

```json
{
  "resourceType": "Encounter",
  "id": "5",
  "meta": {
    "versionId": "1",
    "lastUpdated": "2023-04-19T05:00:18.031+00:00"
  },
  "identifier": [
    {
      "system": "cht",
      "value": "003b24b5-2396-4d95-bcbc-5a4c63f43ff0"
    }
  ],
  "status": "finished",
  "type": [
    {
      "text": "Community health worker visit"
    }
  ],
  "subject": {
    "reference": "Patient/3"
  },
  "participant": [
    {
      "type": [
        {
          "text": "Community health worker"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

### `Organisation` Resource

> The FHIR `Organization` resource represents a group of people or entities with a common purpose or focus. It contains the organization's name, type, and contact details. This resource is often used in healthcare settings to represent healthcare providers, hospitals, clinics, and other organizations involved in patient care. In the LTFU workflow, it represents the **Requesting System**, and it points to its callback URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FHIR `Organization` resource represents a group of people or entities with a common purpose or focus. It contains the organization's **name**, **type**, and **contact details**. This resource is often used in healthcare settings to represent healthcare providers, hospitals, clinics, and other organizations involved in patient care. In the LTFU workflow, it represents the **Requesting System**, and it points to its `callback URL`.
```

#### `POST ${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}/organization`

> The `Organization` resource in the LTFU workflow represents the Requesting System. Before creating an `Organization`, an `Endpoint` must be created. The `${ORGANIZATION_IDENTIFIER}` is intended to be randomly assigned by the requesting system. It is important to take note of this identifier, as it will be used in future `ServiceRequest`s to identify the requesting system."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Organization` resource in the LTFU workflow represents the Requesting System. Before creating an `Organization`, an `Endpoint` must be created. The `${ORGANIZATION_IDENTIFIER}` is intended to be randomly assigned by the requesting system. It is important to take note of this identifier, as it will be used in future `ServiceRequest`'s to identify the requesting system.
```

> Request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Request

```

```http
POST ${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}/organization

{
    "identifier": [
        {
            "system": "official",
            "value": "${ORGANIZATION_IDENTIFIER}"
        }
    ],
    "name": [
        "Athena"
    ],
    "endpoint": [
        {
            "reference": "Endpoint/${ENDPOINT_ID}"
        }
    ]
}
```

> Response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Response

```

# LTFU Workflow Testing

This document outlines the steps for testing the Loss To Follow-Up (LTFU) workflow, in addition to documenting the various endpoints available on the mediator. It provides a comprehensive guide on navigating the LTFU workflow and utilizing the endpoints to facilitate the necessary actions.

## Environments

The document provided includes placeholders for URLs. Replacing these placeholders with the appropriate endpoints for your specific environment is essential to utilize the document correctly. Below are the endpoints provided for each available environment. It is important to note that if your setup differs from the documentation provided, you may need to use different endpoints. By ensuring that the correct endpoints are used, you can be confident in successfully implementing and utilizing the LTFU workflow.

### Docker - Local Setup

> - **Mediator (`${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}`)** - http://localhost:5001/mediator

Reviewer 2: Why are we calling OPENHIM_ENDPOINT to this endpoint instead of just using MEDIATOR_ENDPOINT?

Author: Yes, "MEDIATOR_ENDPOINT" seems more fitting. I will update it.

- **OpenHIM Admin Console** - http://localhost:9000/

> - **CHT with LTFU configuration** - https://localhost:5988/

Reviewer 2: For me, using local setup, https://localhost:5988/ doesn't work. I have to use http://localhost:5988/

Author: I'll update this too. It's supposed to be `http`

### Live Test Instance

> - **Mediator (`${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}`)** - [https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator](https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator)

Reviewer 2: For me, this url is not working.

Author: The production instances haven't been updated yet.

> - **Mediator (`${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}`)** - [https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator](https://interoperability.dev.medicmobile.org:5001/mediator)

Reviewer 2: Why are we calling OPENHIM_ENDPOINT to this endpoint instead of just using MEDIATOR_ENDPOINT?

> **Note:** The payload only contains the required fields or a subset of the possible options. Please refer to the appropriate FHIR resource specifications to view all the available fields.

### `ServiceRequest` Resource

The FHIR `ServiceRequest` resource represents a request for a healthcare service to be performed, such as a diagnostic test or a treatment. It contains information about the requested service, including the **type of service**, the **patient** for whom the service is requested, the **date/time the service is requested**, and the **healthcare provider or organization** making the request. In the context of the LTFU workflow, this resource is used to request a CHW follow-up in the CHT.

> #### `POST ${MEDIATOR_ENDPOINT}/service-request`

Reviewer 2: This is the only place in this documentation that we are using MEDIATOR_ENDPOINT instead of just using OPENHIM_ENDPOINT? is there a reason for this? Can we use normalize?
Also related to previous comments.

##### Request

```http
POST ${OPENHIM_ENDPOINT}/encounter

{
    "resourceType": "Encounter",
    "identifier": [
        {
            "system": "cht",
            "value": "${ENCOUNTER_IDENTIFIER}"
        }
    ],
    "status": "finished",
    "class": "outpatient",
    "type": [
        {
            "text": "Community health worker visit"
        }
    ],
    "subject": {
        "reference": "Patient/${PATIENT_IDENTIFIER}"
    },
    "participant": [
        {
            "type": [
                {
                    "text": "Community health worker"
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

##### Response

```json
{
  "resourceType": "Encounter",
  "id": "5",
  "meta": {
    "versionId": "1",
    "lastUpdated": "2023-04-19T05:00:18.031+00:00"
  },
  "identifier": [
    {
      "system": "cht",
      "value": "003b24b5-2396-4d95-bcbc-5a4c63f43ff0"
    }
  ],
  "status": "finished",
  "type": [
    {
      "text": "Community health worker visit"
    }
  ],
  "subject": {
    "reference": "Patient/3"
  },
  "participant": [
    {
      "type": [
        {
          "text": "Community health worker"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

> ### `Organisation` Resource

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `Organization` Resource
```
